README.md, before:

# python-pytest-lab

## Test structure

```python
# GIVEN a db with 3 tasks
# WHEN another task is added
tasks.add(Task('Another task'))

#THEN the count increases by 1
assert tasks.count() == 4

```

## Running tests
- In order to run a single test we console: `pytest test_calc.py::test_add`;
- Verbose mode: `pytest test_calc.py -v`;
- Pytest runs tests with the following naming structure:
    - test_file.py
        - TestClassName
            - test_method_name
- Run tests:
    - That have failed last time: `--lf`;
    - Failed ones first then the others: `--ff`;
    - Quiet verbosity: `-q`;
    - Traceback print mode: `--tb=[auto,long,short,line,native,no]`;
    - With given marker: `-m basic_operation`
    - Exit on first error: `-x`
    - Show local variables along with their values: `-l`;
    - Report the tests slower than N: `--durations=0.01`;
    - Show the reasons: `-rs`;
    - Where functions match given name: `-k _raises`
        - `-k _raises and not delete` not to run `test_delete_raises()`;
- `--collect-only` shows what tests will run under given arguments;
- We can set tests marked as `xfail` that passed as failed tests by setting a pytest.ini file with the following:
- To see how test are setup we can use the following parameter: `--setup-show`
- To see where fixtures are defined we run our tests with the parameter `--fixtures`

```
[pytest]
xfail_strict=true
```

### Fixtures

Fixtures are functions that run before our tests (or after). Which in pytest context we can assume that it allows the separation of 'getting ready for' and 'cleaning up after'

To see how fixtures are setup and teared down we use the following command: `--setup-show`;

Commit message:

Update readme with requirements.txt dependecy install instructions

README.md, after:

# python-pytest-lab

## Test structure

```python
# GIVEN a db with 3 tasks
# WHEN another task is added
tasks.add(Task('Another task'))

#THEN the count increases by 1
assert tasks.count() == 4

``` 

## Running tests
- In order to run a single test we console: `pytest test_calc.py::test_add`;
- Verbose mode: `pytest test_calc.py -v`;
- Pytest runs tests with the following naming structure:
    - test_file.py
        - TestClassName
            - test_method_name
- Run tests:
    - That have failed last time: `--lf`;
    - Failed ones first then the others: `--ff`;
    - Quiet verbosity: `-q`;
    - Traceback print mode: `--tb=[auto,long,short,line,native,no]`;
    - With given marker: `-m basic_operation`
    - Exit on first error: `-x`
    - Show local variables along with their values: `-l`;
    - Report the tests slower than N: `--durations=0.01`;
    - Show the reasons: `-rs`;
    - Where functions match given name: `-k _raises`
        - `-k _raises and not delete` not to run `test_delete_raises()`;
- `--collect-only` shows what tests will run under given arguments;
- We can set tests marked as `xfail` that passed as failed tests by setting a pytest.ini file with the following:
- To see how test are setup we can use the following parameter: `--setup-show`
- To see where fixtures are defined we run our tests with the parameter `--fixtures`
```
[pytest]
xfail_strict=true
```

### Fixtures

Fixtures are functions that run before our tests (or after). Which in pytest context we can assume that it allows the separation of 'getting ready for' and 'cleaning up after'

To see how fixtures are setup and teared down we use the following command: `--setup-show`;

### Dependencies

In order to install a dependency and add to `requirements.txt` file we run in the command line: `pip install <dependency> && pip freeze > requirements.txt`
